# Frontend Frameworks
jquery,jQuery
react\.js,React
angular\.js,Angular
vue\.js,Vue.js
backbone\.js,Backbone.js
ember\.js,Ember.js
meteor,Meteor.js
aurelia,Aurelia
polymer,Polymer
svelte,Svelte
preact,Preact
stenciljs,Stencil
lit-element,LitElement

# Web Components and Libraries
lodash,Lodash
modernizr,Modernizr
d3\.js,D3.js
three\.js,Three.js
greensock,GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform)
paper\.js,Paper.js
chart\.js,Chart.js
highcharts,Highcharts
echarts,ECharts
p5\.js,p5.js
anime\.js,Anime.js
phaser\.io,Phaser
babylonjs,Babylon.js
zeptojs,Zepto.js

# UI Components & Frameworks
bootstrap,Bootstrap
foundation,Foundation
materialize,Materialize
semantic-ui,Semantic UI
bulma,Bulma
uikit,UIkit
ant-design,Ant Design
tailwindcss,Tailwind CSS
tachyons,Tachyons
purecss,PureCSS
basscss,Basscss
primer,GitHub Primer
element-ui,Element UI

# State Management
redux,Redux
mobx,MobX
zustand,Zustand
vuex,Vuex
pinia,Pinia (Vue Store)
recoil,Recoil
ngrx,NgRx
effector,Effector

# CSS Frameworks and Utilities
stylelint,Stylelint
lesscss,Less
sass,Sass
postcss,PostCSS
styled-components,Styled Components
emotion,Emotion
css-modules,CSS Modules
styled-jsx,Styled JSX

# Build Tools & Task Runners
webpack,Webpack
babel,Babel
eslint,ESLint
prettier,Prettier
grunt,Grunt
gulp,Gulp
rollup,Rollup.js
parcel,Parcel
esbuild,esbuild
snowpack,Snowpack
vite,Vite
broccoli,Broccoli
brunch,Brunch
lerna,Lerna
nx,NX
turborepo,Turborepo

# Test & Quality Tools
jest,Jest
mocha,Mocha
karma,Karma
chai,Chai
cypress,Cypress
protractor,Protractor
selenium,Selenium
qunit,QUnit
testcafe,TestCafe
ava,AVA
puppeteer,Puppeteer
webdriverio,WebdriverIO
storybook,Storybook
axe-core,axe-core

# Analytics & Tracking
google-analytics\.com,Google Analytics
hotjar,Hotjar
mixpanel,Mixpanel
kissmetrics,KISSmetrics
heapanalytics,Heap Analytics
segment,Segment
crazyegg,Crazy Egg
clicky,Clicky
piwik,Matomo (formerly Piwik)
optimizely,Optimizely
fullstory,FullStory
mouseflow,Mouseflow
sessioncam,SessionCam
luckyorange,Lucky Orange
gaug.es,Gauges
statcounter,StatCounter
reinvigorate,Reinvigorate

# Advertising Networks
doubleclick,DoubleClick
adroll,AdRoll
criteo,Criteo
taboola,Taboola
outbrain,Outbrain
googleadservices,Google Ads
yahoo\.com,Yahoo
media\.net,Media.net
rubiconproject,Rubicon Project
pubmatic,PubMatic
openx,OpenX
propellerads,PropellerAds
revcontent,Revcontent
mediavine,Mediavine
mediaplex,Mediaplex

# Marketing Automation & CRM
hubspot,HubSpot
pardot,Pardot
marketo,Marketo
infusionsoft,Infusionsoft
act-on,Act-On
drip,Drip
klaviyo,Klaviyo
sendgrid,SendGrid
mailchimp,Mailchimp
constantcontact,Constant Contact
getresponse,GetResponse
aweber,AWeber
campaignmonitor,Campaign Monitor
activecampaign,ActiveCampaign
zoho,Zoho CRM
salesforce,Salesforce
zendesk,Zendesk
freshdesk,Freshdesk
pipedrive,Pipedrive
intercom,Intercom
drift,Drift
tawk,Tawk.to

# Content Delivery Networks (CDN)
cloudflare,Cloudflare
cloudfront,Amazon CloudFront
maxcdn,MaxCDN
fastly,Fastly
stackpath,StackPath
akamaihd,Akamai
keycdn,KeyCDN
jsdelivr,jsDelivr
googlecdn,Google CDN
cdnjs,CDNJS
azureedge,Azure CDN
limelight,Limelight Networks
level3,Level 3 Communications

# Content Management Systems (CMS)
wordpress\.com,WordPress
wix\.com,Wix
squarespace\.com,Squarespace
weebly\.com,Weebly
shopify\.com,Shopify
bigcommerce\.com,BigCommerce
medium\.com,Medium
blogger\.com,Blogger
tumblr\.com,Tumblr
ghost\.org,Ghost
joomla\.org,Joomla
drupal\.org,Drupal
magento\.com,Magento
prestashop\.com,PrestaShop
opencart\.com,OpenCart
oscommerce\.com,osCommerce
zendesk\.com,Zendesk
heroku\.com,Heroku
netlify\.com,Netlify
vercel\.com,Vercel
craftcms,Craft CMS
typo3,TYPO3
silverstripe,SilverStripe
concrete5,Concrete5
umbraco,Umbraco
dotnetnuke,DotNetNuke
cmsmadesimple,CMS Made Simple
zencart,Zen Cart
contentful,Contentful
webflow,Webflow
strapi,Strapi
sanity,Sanity
keystonejs,KeystoneJS
dato,DatoCMS

# E-commerce Platforms
bigcartel,Big Cartel
volusion,Volusion
3dcart,3dcart
americommerce,AmeriCommerce
nopcommerce,NopCommerce
shift4shop,Shift4Shop
prestashop,PrestaShop
magento,Magento
shopware,Shopware
woocommerce,WooCommerce
oscommerce,osCommerce
zencart,Zen Cart

# Payment Processors & Services
stripe\.com,Stripe
paypal\.com,PayPal
squareup\.com,Square
klarna,Klarna
afterpay,Afterpay
affirm,Affirm
venmo,Venmo
cashapp,Cash App
authorize\.net,Authorize.Net
braintree,Braintree
adyen,Adyen
skrill,Skrill
payoneer,Payoneer
dwolla,Dwolla

# Hosting Platforms & Services
bluehost,Bluehost
hostgator,HostGator
dreamhost,DreamHost
siteground,SiteGround
inmotionhosting,InMotion Hosting
godaddy,GoDaddy
wix,Wix
weebly,Weebly
digitalocean,DigitalOcean
linode,Linode
vultr,Vultr
heroku,Heroku
netlify,Netlify
vercel,Vercel
fly\.io,Fly.io
firebase,Firebase Hosting
surge,Surge.sh
github\.io,GitHub Pages
gitlab\.io,GitLab Pages
bitbucket\.io,Bitbucket Pages
render\.com,Render
back4app,Back4App
platform\.sh,Platform.sh

# Miscellaneous
favicon.ico,Website Favicon
apollo,Apollo
next\.js,Next.js
nuxt\.js,Nuxt.js
gatsby,Gatsby
handlebars,Handlebars
ember-cli,Ember CLI
typescript,TypeScript
googleapis\.com,Google APIs
cloudinary,Cloudinary
imgix,Imgix
mapbox,Mapbox
leaflet,Leaflet.js
algolia,Algolia
elastic\.co,Elastic.co
sentry,Sentry
bugsnag,Bugsnag
rollbar,Rollbar
firebaseio\.com,Firebase
awsamazon\.com,Amazon Web Services
maxcdn\.com,MaxCDN
bootstrapcdn\.com,BootstrapCDN
jquery\.com,jQuery
akamai\.net,Akamai
ampproject\.org,AMP
jsdelivr\.net,jsDelivr
herokuapp\.com,Heroku
wp\.com,WordPress.com
hubspot\.com,HubSpot
github\.io,GitHub Pages
bitbucket\.io,Bitbucket
wp-content,WordPress
gitlab\.io,GitLab
shortpixel,ShortPixel
imgix,Imgix
tinypng,TinyPNG
kraken\.io,Kraken.io
